# The Cover-Judging Bookshelf

A simple React app to help users judge books by their covers.

## The Concept

I often get book recommendations from friends, family, or the internet, and immediately spring into action, purchasing the books used on eBay to add to my collection, ensuring that I'll never miss out on valuable information someone has told me is available. This is how I've gotten to the point I'm at now, with 30+ books on my shelf waiting to be read someday, and no dramatic increases in free time on the horizon.

The Cover-Judging Bookshelf is a straightforward React app meant to help solve this problem by giving users the chance to go against conventional wisdom and judge books by their covers. Have a list of 10 recs that you want to cut down? See which covers are ugly!

Being honest with yourself about your reading habits is hard. Making a snap judgment based on aesthetics is easy!

This project was created with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Project Setup

First, clone the repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/apb9717/judge-a-book
```

Next, navigate to the appropriate folder:

```
cd judge-a-book
```

Install the project dependencies:

```
npm install
```

Finally, start the app:

```
npm start
```

and navigate to localhost:3000 in your browser to use the app.

## API Usage

This project utilizes the OpenLibrary API to fetch simple book information (title/author) and book cover images based on a user search query. The images displayed come from the default images on OpenLibrary based on a one-result relevancy-sorted search. As such, books may have different cover images than are most popular.

## AI Code Credit

Throughout the development process, I used Claude Sonnet 3.5 (through Perplexity) to review my code and offer tips for debugging and certain implementation. Specific segments of code generated by Claude are highlighted, but as a general statement, the styling was handled entirely by Claude, while the core functionality was mostly handled by me (with a few syntax suggestions from Claude along the way).
